Add items to the Product onboarding (#1281)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/product/onboarding/index.md

## Product team member checklist

- Get to know our team and learn about Sourcegraph (company and product)

>   - Schedule 30-min 1:1s with your manager for the first three days at Sourcegraph to keep up with your onboarding and ask all the questions you might have

Reviewer: I'd suggest something less specific: "Schedule 1:1s with your manager for your first week to keep up with your onboarding..."
My first 3 1:1s were MWF, I think it might look a bit different for different people.

Reviewer 2: I think it makes most sense to put this under the above Manager checklist - that way the manager is blocking time to help onboard the new teammate throughout their first week.

```suggestion
  - Schedule daily check-ins for the first week at Sourcegraph to keep up with your onboarding and to create space for answering any questions that might come up.
```

- Finish [general onboarding tasks](../../people-ops/onboarding/index.md#for-all-new-teammates)
  - Set up your email filters, especially for GitHub and feedback
- Get to know the product
  - Complete of the [Engineering onboarding tasks](../../engineering/onboarding/index.md). Almost all of these are relevant to you.
    - You will need to run Sourcegraph locally to test/validate work that engineering is doing, to provide early/often feedback.
  - Review [product resources](../index.md#resources)
  - [Products](https://about.sourcegraph.com/product)

>   - Watch this [demo video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1idbCnce5MIvtAV0GOOwgB68zQJB2WmZ9/view)

Reviewer: Perhaps add "Product Demo from Customer Engineering" for more context.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Learn how the Customer Engineering team gives demos and talks about the product in the [product demo recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1idbCnce5MIvtAV0GOOwgB68zQJB2WmZ9/view).
```

>   - Read about [search queries](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/user/search) and perform your first searches

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Read about [search queries](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/user/search) and perform your first searches.
```

>   - Answer all the questions from the [Sales Onboarding Quiz](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/sales/onboarding/quiz) and discuss the answers with your manager

Reviewer: Nice, didn't know we had this :)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Work through the questions from the [Sales Onboarding Quiz](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/sales/onboarding/quiz) to make sure you understand key concepts. Discuss any questions you have or knowledge gaps with your manager.
```
